I'll replace it with a bucket.
ah yes

Please go to the blog where you set up your connection.
yes yes

What was it?

Are you going to use it as your telegram ID?
red server mouth
long
do

I'll put it there
Wait a minute I need to create an ID. Should I do it right now?

If you do, you can change it there.
yes

Did you get the client update?
yes yes

Is it up to date?
yes yes

Please delete that when the server restarts.
yes
I'm going to remove the cache leftovers
Oh yes

it's done
Oh, are you doing all the updates?
Let's move it to the barrel
Huh.. thank you very much

I just made a new connector.
yes

When connecting to the server after logging in to the connector, the Chrome browser communicates with the server to process whether or not it is accessible.
So, I made a button processing so that it can be done after the web page has finished loading.
yes yes

The added thing is that you can set the probability there.

yes

When moving the operating server
You need to do that with the external IP of the operating server.
Yes, then, is it not necessary to log in and change the IP as last time?
what do you mean
Did you change your router last time?
No, it's still the same. Oh, I couldn't set the external IP because of that last time.
Yes, that's why I did it with an internal IP.
Should I connect from the outside to the operating server?
Yes, then you need to set that IP as an external IP.
same here too

Would you like to rent a server?
I was thinking of buying that server computer, so it's around 200..
They say 200 won't be that good.

When I was running a server, the fixed expenses that went out like this and that were actually not easy..

Yes, then once you have a server computer, you need to connect to the Internet separately.
What do you mean when you say you have to be on the Internet separately? Do not use a sharer.
Oh yes, then check the external IP on Naver
211.108.129.4 Please put this in
Boss, then kt is easier? Regardless of that, I don't know how to touch the router you're using now.

You can do it by just changing the router.
It's not different, kt is still alive
I'm the only one who wants to use this, so it doesn't matter
Aha yes, put your IP there
If you do, you can connect from outside.
Yes, boss, is me and internet speed important? yes it is important
Is there a difference between 1 gigabyte and 500 megabytes to turn it into a server computer?
500 MB seems to be sufficient, but 1 GB would be much better.
In my case, I am using 500 megabytes because I am in an area where 1 gigabit internet connection is not available.
1 GB is used. There is not much difference in price.
Oh, that's right. I'm trying to use a server computer, but do you know what the specifications should be?
that
And do I really need to use a workstation? Not really
These days, computers are so good that you only need enough memory.
I don't know if the workstation has good specifications if it is 200. But
I was looking at it as a work because it has two cpus and more than 256 gigabytes of memory.
I don't know for sure. In the past, many people used it exclusively for server computers, but these days, it's just for gaming.
Oh... and I'm going to ask you one more question.
If you try to run two servers
Can I buy another connector from the boss? We do not provide more than 2 connectors.
Yes, yes. So, is it possible to order one more? No, because of the resale, the connector is limited to two.
When you say two, do you mean two local and external connectors? yes

If you cannot use the accessor blog because it is blocked, then we will do it, but we will not make additional ones.
Ah.. I just tried to run one of them, and I tried to run one of them, and I tried to run one of them.
dry available? It can be used locally. Instead, there will be nothing to use as a test site.
Yes haha ​​that's why I asked haha
Once you know me and
In the case of a part to be added, if I write down a separate request and send it to you, will you give me a quote? yes
Write in as much detail as possible and tell us in detail how, when, what item, what NPC situation, etc.
I can give you an estimate of whether it is possible or not and how much the price will be.
First of all, how much should I expect to throw a bomb?
You'd better not throw bombs.
Still.. I need some support. I also run the operation.. haha

Sponsorship can be set to n points
Are you talking about selling items with it? yes
If you look at it, there is something like a hero weapon.
Yorenger
Yes, throwing bombs can overload the server. It's because you hit a lot of monsters in one map.
It's a live server. It's not a server that costs a dime or two, so there's little pressure, but people like us
Isn't the server open with an expensive computer?
Yes, then the crowd can go
So what happens? Various problems such as memory overload or thread overload may occur.
Ah.. I need to think about this a little more..

There are a lot of NPCs that are being spawned right now.
yes yes

I also added this modal like live
modal?
This one
Ah hahahaha yes
This
I'm setting this
Aha wow that's really amazing hahaha

I set it to be treated the same as live.

Hahaha yes yes yes
86400 This is the time. If Stop View is pressed
So that it reappears after a day in seconds
Oh yes

It goes in the same way
yes yes

Any more questions?
First of all, I'm waiting for the boss update this time.
yes

Is it the 12th since you bought it?
It's probably going to be that much.
Yes yes I will do it until the 8th
maintenance
Oh yes thank you so much I'm going on holiday this week so it's perfect
Yes, and I also added some blocking when entering the web server from foreign IPs or attacks.
Oh yes yes

Reservation of protection has also been added.
Oh yes
There is something you added to me the other day, such as making the queen ant open every day
And by the time the hunting ground NPC appears and disappears, you made all the users in the hunting ground bounce back to the village.
Can I tell you that I'm going to request a correction this time?
It's done, I'm doing the same
Ah yes yes thank you The table option at the end is
Is it the map number? Aha ha ha thank you
Set it up like this
Aha yes yes it's good haha

Gaho is integrated Oh yes yes I manage the free Gaho event together with Gaho in the pc room yes yes

The requirement is to check when Divirak is caught.
What is Divirac? The table is locked
It can be caught once during operation.
So what about initialization?

You can do this, or if you are connected, you can also reset the server.
Oh, then, isn't there a separate initialization in the db? It's D.V.
This is executed when the server is initialized.
Aha yes thank you
I can just do this here
yes

Do you have anything else?
Yep, I'll test everything this week and check it out and tell you.
When will you be comfortable next time? 4th, okay, sir, then I'll check it out and tell you by then.
Alright, so I'm going to continue here for today.
Yes, thank you for your hard work~! take care

Thank you for your hard work.
