If you look at it, in the case of Linbin, put it in this folder
You can put the file name like this
All routes are specified.
yes

Additional updates are carried out based on the version and the Linbin file name based on the Linbin change criteria.
For the version, you can enter the Linbin version there.
yes yes
Then the version looks like this
yes

And the name of the unapproved engine just came out.
yes;

the engine settings

You can set it up here
yes

When the engine name is detected, it is transmitted to the server and the engine name and account are displayed on the console window.
Then you have to decide for yourself whether the engine is really an illegal program.
yes yes
Register here too
like that
yes

Now that the web server is built-in, all Powerbooks are made.
yes

So it takes some time when the first server is started.
It's in development mode right now, so I turned it on right away.

If you turn it off, the server turns on after the server data is complete.
Is it this long?
yes
It takes some time because all the data is created. You have to set it to false during operation.
Otherwise, if you call it right away, an error will appear. It is called without data.
yes

I put all the data in here.
Items dropped by monsters are also set

All data makes powerbook data in server
nice really

Skills come out
Item information is also set like this.
yes yes

The administrator setting is set to level 1 in the account table.
yes
The web manager is handled separately from the game manager.
Oh, then, is the level different between the web manager and the game manager? yes

You can set your level there.

If the game manager is set in characters, the web manager is set in the account table.
aha yes

And now the App Center is almost identical to the homepage.
In that case, using the App Center as the homepage is not good for security.
yes you know? address is exposed
Oh yes

So, the way to block external access is to set that to true so that you cannot access anything other than in-game and launcher browsers.
If you see the browser ingame, other browsers are blocked.
yes yes

It goes like this
Aha I'll check that out
Yes, and if you want to connect from outside as an administrator
It is set up separately like this. Only the operator can log in.
aha that's good
There is an admin page like this
yes yes

If you look at it, when you run the connector, it moves the connector to the launcher 2 folder.
This is because the current browser is set to Chrome.
So I made it refer to the files in launcher2 without separate distribution files.
Or you have to use ie. Because ie doesn't support scripts anymore, the screen breaks.
So I changed it to use chrome.
Yes, if you look at this, the browser in the contactor displays normally and operates.
Aha, maybe because of this, browsers are missing from all other servers.
ah..
I tried to create almost the same function as the current NC one.
Yes, it's just the same haha

And now I'm using the Chrome browser.
There are about 20 files that need to be distributed to use the Chrome browser. I use them as those in the launcher 2 folder.
yes yes

There may be cases where you can't use the Chrome browser because of an update from NC later.

yes in that case
I made it possible to select the browser there. Whether it is the default IE or Chrome.
Oh, so if you do it with a pulse, is it ie? Yes yes yes
Now I can't right-click on the connector browser or go to developer mode.
The way to do that is that the port number must be entered. Which port is the developer mode running?
Now this is developer mode
ah..

I can use it like this
Can I ask you to write the address to enter your developer mode?
It's written there. Modern times, this is related to connectors, so maybe only I can do it.
Because it is used when developing connectors
I just let you know
Oh yes
Looking at it now, there is point information and a logout function. It is a function that communicates with the web in the connector.
I added a developer mode to create such functions.
Oh yes

And when a problem occurs in the connector
The log is left like this
The server is not open now, so I tried to connect and it failed, so the log is left.
Ah yes yes, since this is executed by the user in modern times, the information is encrypted so that the user cannot know it.
By copying the contents of the log
If you do this, you can see the contents. If the user has a problem while operating, if there is a log, you can check it like that.
Yes, the log path is the current date in the log folder of the folder execution location.
Decrypro is used to check the log contents.

The encryptor creates encrypted text that registers the access information request url on the connector setting blog.
Now, let's do it locally. For the operation server, write down the operation server's external IP and App Center port, and press encryption.
Encrypted text is created. Register it for the blog operation server.
Yes, all other information is called to the App Center and the data is passed.
This

It's for checking desc-k and string-k.
I made it so that it can be used separately. Ax
You can copy and paste like this with control cv.
oh yes it's so good

This is a tool that can save sprite information.
like this
can you check
this

It's been a while since the image information of the Lineage Award is all sprite. That's the information.
That determines the speed of the image.
Oh, so this is a tool to check things like walking speed? yes
If you can check it, connect this to the DB
It's stored here, and based on that, I'm making a speed from the source.
Oh yes

The standard file is the list.spz file extracted with the tool.
It is a tool that converts such data into a storable form.
yes very good

And you can check the process information that a specific user is currently using.

Like this, data is transferred from the connector to the server every 10 minutes and registered.
So, if there is a nuclear suspicious user, you can check with that to see if you are really using it.
Ah yes, but it's a big deal because I don't know what this is all about haha
You can see the names of the currently running programs.
Oh yes yes yes those are the names
yes i understand
So, if there is a hack you don't know about, then you have to check it yourself.
So, if you put it in the connector setting config, the program won't be able to use it.

yes yes

And the data currently used in the game is processed based on empty data.

those data
These are the data
Yes Yes, I made this data available to the server.
You can see it like this
The fact that bin_ is written in front is prepared so that you can directly check the bin data.
yes

If the file is updated in live, the file
After putting it in this folder, if you set it to true here and start the server, the data will be updated.
Then it is saved to db.
yes then
You can check it like this. Empty data information
Yes, it would be convenient if you report it when adding or adding an item.
yes yes yes haha

In the case of production, the empty data is processed.
There must be data in the bin first, and whether or not to write that data is specified here.
What if the item to be released is not on the server?
Yes, then if you put the name ID of the item on the server in output_name_id there
If you can't find it in the bin on the server, it can be replaced with that one.
So, does this mean that I can make it what I want?
That's not the case. Priority is given to being in the bin first. If the item specified in the bin is not on the server,
I made it come out with the item name ID entered there.
Probability can be specified separately if it is written next to it.
Aha yes, I understand. If you put the probability in there and set that to true, it will be processed as the probability of being in the div.
Yes Yes If you set it to false, it will be processed with the probability of being in the bin.
So you don't have to specify the probability and you can use it in the bin. Originally, that's correct.
Yes, is that just a real talker? yes
And when it comes to production, there are limited productions.
Yes, it is also processed by connecting data to bin.
If you succeed and the number increases, the information will be entered here.
So please stop doing that
Ah yes, you can delete it from the craft_success_count table when initializing.
Yep, please don't delete what's written here
I will write a separate description of the DB information.
yes yes
Server initialization method
You can do this in the manager window
yes
If you click the NPC confirmation bar like that, the coordinates and information appear in the message window.
Spawn information is also displayed, and with what ID the spawn information is entered.
Ahab
Looking at it, 50631 is this the spawn ID?
yes you can check like this
yes yes

And monster information, if data is entered in the bin
I set the ability of the monsters in the bin to be set automatically.
Are you talking about level or hp?
Yes str dex mr er dg These things are also set
Oh then, is it completely the same as Bonsub? will be almost the same
So what about skills and attacks?> You have to do the skills yourself
There is no separate data for the monster skill information in the client.
What I'm doing now is using the data in the client.
yes yes

Then I'll write a manual.
You will use the server name
red server
You will use the Telegram ID you will use there.
I guess I'll have to make one
Yes, then you can enter @Telelem ID
over there

I will tell you how to support
Users agree to the terms and conditions here
If you agree, you will see this screen
yes

Then the user presses the sponsor account request button

I got a message on telegram
yes

Then you need to tell the user the account number to deposit.

This is a request that just came in.
yes

When you click the Submit button, an input field will appear.

In this way, the account number is sent to the user who is connected. With a message like that
yes yes

This is how the letter goes to the user and confirms it.
Then the user will deposit
yes
Click send message saying you have deposited 50 million won

Then, you will receive a message that the deposit has been completed through Telegram.

Then, you can directly check your account to make sure that the deposit was successful.
yes yes
and then check
You can do it through the settlement button like this.
Yep, this is what I did on the web.
yes

Then you can do it on your mobile phone. Through the operator login I mentioned earlier
yes yes

The important thing is that the user must be connected to the game.
Otherwise, it is impossible to proceed
ah then
Cleanup can be done
No, all in-game characters must be logged in to be able to
Oh yes
If the operator clicks settlement while not online, the customer is not online.
It's not supposed to come out
So even if you are outside, you have to turn on the operator character and go out to be processed?

No, the operator is a separate user.
Oh yes, I understood. Operators can do it from outside regardless of whether or not they are connected.

Yes, it's comfortable. When the settlement is processed, Ncoin is accumulated like that.
yes

Coupons can be created and registered on this screen.
The operator can see the list below, and the general user only shows the input box above.

is created like this
Oh, then send me the coupon code
Users register and use it.
yes
It goes like this
Yes, I will have to try this all by myself.
local too
Are you connected to Tucla?
yes

Now when I kill the App Center, I log in right away.

Yes, I log in when I run App Center for the first time.
You just see the change on the screen.
Yes, yes, it will be processed at that time. The method is to issue a unique number to the in-game character
After setting, login is processed based on the character corresponding to the unique number.
yes
If it could have failed, I thought it was an error on the Internet
In that case, enter your account password and character name on the corresponding screen and click the login button.

Approval yn message appears on in-game character
So when approved, log in
Oh yes

If you become a login like this
Cookies are registered in the in-game browser and are used until you log out.
yes

On the exchange, only traders can see account information.

This information can only be viewed by traders.
Oh yes, are you just writing and buying each other?
If you buy 100 million Aden, isn't that 100 million Aden locked or something like this?
I had four traders talk to each other to proceed.
Yes, yes, so this is a sensitive part, so the management team added a comment saying that they are not responsible.
Oh that's right, it can happen like this
yes

If you look at it now, the web, launcher, and in-game screens are slightly different.
yes
Each browser is checked, and each browser is handled separately.
yes

There is a data room these days, but there isn't one here.
yes
It's not even here
yes

If you look here, they say there is no logout button.
I made it so that it is processed according to each browser.
yes yes

This file is on the App Center menu setting page.

If you look at it, I wrote all the explanations there, so please take a look at it.
yes yes i know
User items can also be deleted from the web.
oh
it's convenient

You can only see things that aren't like that.
yes yes

Report details are those related to bulletin board reports.

it comes out like this
yes

If you click on it, you will be taken directly to that page.
chat is
It comes out like this
Neneeng
It's not an instantaneous reaction, it's every real-time cycle.
You can do the same with operator commands.
The results cannot be confirmed here.
Hahaha yes
Oh, you can check it like this
Everything can be done outside

If you are not an operator, it will look like this
yes

Now, the support system is Ncoin.

yes

If you set the account transfer method to false, it will be the same method as before.
If set to true, the information written there appears on the sponsor page.

yes yes
These days, there are many accounts blocked by voice phishing, so it can be used as a virtual account.
I changed it to my current form
oh yeah
If you use your virtual account, you have to change it periodically every time a request comes in.
It is set up in such a way as to be entered and transmitted.
aha
If true, the account information written there can be viewed immediately without request.
nen
If you set the date and time like that, it will change to red.
If it is set to LINOFFICE now, it will be changed by setting it there
yes yes

And if you specify a domain
It is possible like this
If you use a domain
Should I not worry about the risk of hacking?
That's not it.

It will be replaced with a domain instead of an IP.
Anyone who knows how to see modern times can figure it out even if they do that. So
I said that it is not good for security to use as a website.
Oh, I see
I just need to make a website.
It would be best to have a blog on the home page. Even if it gets blocked, you can do it right away and there will be no damage.
yes yes

If you use ssl function
Currently http:// from this
It can be like this
What difference does this make?

What is the difference between http:// and https://
Modern this needs to get a certificate from the authority
Ah.. post

Now this is a certificate I created myself.

You need to get it from a certification body.
yes yes

When it doesn't work, it comes out like this
yes, will it take long?
Well, I'll just make manuals for DB and data, and I'll stop today.
yes,. I'm sorry, I've been working since this morning, so... yes

It's done.
Yes, thank you very much for your hard work today

So today I'll just go in
Yes, then, are you going to finish training again tomorrow? yes
They say I have to look after someone else tomorrow. I'll call you when I have time.
Yes, I will set the time for you, so please work comfortably.




