The chat window is shared by everyone. Please use respectful language.
Respectful and kind language is the beginning of a beautiful online culture.
A character's name is their face. Please use beautiful and sweet character names.
Anonymity is guaranteed in the online world, so you shouldn't harm others. A caring mind for others is the soil of a bright and healthy online culture.
Small community efforts lead to a better online experience for everyone.
Lineage official website address is www.lineage.co.kr. Please be aware of other websites and e-mails that pretend to be official websites.
The server you are using is a test server. The purpose of a test server is testing the contents to be updated on the live server.
The test server is only for testing, so please understand that unexpected problems may occur due to testing.
Please note that the test server purpose is testing, so it is not possible to restore characters or items due to special environments.
The test server is a server for testing, so please understand that the contents of the game, such as items and castle information related to sieges, can always be changed during the testing process.
The server rate for item drops, including adena, is increased 5x in the test server.
Items or character information on the test server may be deleted/modified/initialized without notice due to operational or planning needs. Thanks for your understanding.
In test server, Windawood Castle is primarily owned by the TestTeam clan and managed by the TestTeam.
The server's official Game Masters are Metis, Cassiopeia, Misophia, Agatha, Cyrus, Erastos and Homeros characters. They will never ask for passwords/account information.
If someone claims to be a Game Master and asks for your username or password, feel free to contact us by email so we can take appropriate action.
Bug reports or other suggestions would be appreciated if you report them to "Lineage website customer center -> Direct e-mail -> Game Content Related -> Applicable server E-Mail".
We select people who have contributed a lot to development or operation by reporting bugs or other suggestions every month, and we offer benefits to them, so we ask for your active participation.
Accounts that exploit bugs and cause relative damage to the majority of good players who play normally are subject to game service restrictions.
Please pay special attention to password/account information management. In addition, we inform you that account hijacking is a criminal act and can be punished under the applicable law.
Once a character name is chosen, it cannot be changed.
Characters with an inappropriate name may be deleted without notice.
When using the exchange window, check the item list and the other party's character name once more before completing the transaction.
If you select several items together using the SHIFT key, please make sure you haven't mistakenly selected items you don't want.
If you select another item using the Shift key while unequipping a weapon or armor, if you try to discard or delete it, the weapon or armor may also be discarded or deleted.
Items that fall on the floor are considered not owned by anyone. Be sure to double check the item before putting it on the floor.
Cash transactions hinder the establishment of a healthy online culture and cause various problems both inside and outside the game.
The act of listing a phone number on the bulletin board is considered an act of cash transaction, so the character is subject to restrictions on game services.
In-game trades are exchanges between items within the server. Other cash transactions, account/character transactions, and item transactions between servers are not recognized as legitimate transactions and are subject to restrictions on game services.
Game services may be restricted if items/accounts are used for purposes other than games, account/character transactions, or item transactions between servers.
Characters may remain in Lineage World for a while due to line failure or other issues when the game ends. Therefore, please always quit in a safe place.
Arbitrary changes to the Lineage client or use of illegal programs are acts that cause damage to many users who play normally. Therefore, these actions are subject to restrictions on game services.
Lineage is a game made by your hands. Your manners and pride make the best online games in the world.
Excessive gaming immersion can harm your mental and physical health.
Item trading has become more convenient with the shop system and market zone update. Please note that you may be penalized if you use an illegal program or try to exchange in an unusual way that is not supported by the game.
Please set your Lineage password differently from the password you use on other sites. Also, it is recommended that you change your password periodically.
The world chat window is a space for various in-game/external stories, and the merchant chat window is a space for posting business-related articles. Please create a pleasant community environment by using appropriate chat windows.
If you have lost your password or quiz, or want to change it, you can set a new one yourself through the launcher and the webpage.